{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs32\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid15810413}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info
{\title Boone County \'96 Theo Brown \'96 10 write in votes \'96 didn\'92t have the precincts they go in \'96 all 10 votes were put in Precinct 1A}{\author arnolt}{\operator schold}{\creatim\yr2005\mo7\dy18\hr11\min2}{\revtim\yr2005\mo7\dy18\hr11\min2}
{\printim\yr2005\mo7\dy6\hr16\min8}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords378}{\nofchars2157}{\*\company MO Secretary of State}{\nofcharsws2530}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nojkernpunct\rsidroot15810413 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs18\insrsid15810413 Addendum
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\insrsid15810413 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\insrsid15810413 
After entering and reconciling the data contained in abstracts of votes submitted by the local election authorities of the State of Missouri, the following discrepancies were found between the certified totals and the precinct data.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx5700\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\insrsid15810413 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs18\insrsid15810413 Cass County--verified as complete with discrepancies.  Calculation error on county certification for Bush/Cheney race and 5}{
\fs18\super\insrsid15810413 th}{\fs18\insrsid15810413  Congressional/Patterson race\emdash both one vote off due to provisional ballots added incorrectly.
\par 
\par Cedar County--verified as complete with discrepa
ncies:  County certified canvass does not match county precinct totals in several races.  Presidential race; Kerry one vote off, Bush three votes off.  Lt Gov race; Kinder one vote off.  SOS race; Carnahan off one vote. Treasurer race; Steelman off one vo
te.  Atty General race; Nixon off one vote.  US Rep District 4; Skelton off one vote.
\par 
\par Clinton County\emdash verified as complete with three-vote discrepancy in Presidential Badnarik/Campagna race.
\par 
\par Dent County\emdash verified as complete with one-vote discrepancy in Presidential Bush/Cheney race.  Certified county returns do not match county precinct reports.
\par 
\par Jefferson County \endash  Official canvass from county did not include provisional or Federal ballots in its totals; however, these ballots were included on the Abstract 
totals.  No contest results were affected and the precinct-by-precinct numbers on this CD include Provisional and Federal ballot numbers.
\par 
\par Knox County \endash  verified as complete with discrepancies.  Discrepancies discovered in total for Senate candidate Farmer and in county certified totals and county precinct totals for all Libertarian and Constitution party candidates in all races.

\par 
\par Lafayette County \endash Verified as complete with discrepancy. Three hand counted absentee and three provisional votes were not certified for a particular precinct and for this report were included with the Bates City precinct.
\par 
\par Pemiscot County \endash  One provisional ballot incorrectly counted affected the count for all statewide and congressional races.  The vote appeared in the precinct-by-
precinct totals from the county, but was not included in the final total.  This did not affect the State Senate and Representative races.
\par 
\par Reynolds County \endash  U.S. Rep. #8\endash 100 vote discrepancy for Candidate JoAnn Emerson.  Calculation error discovered in the county\rquote s certified results.
\par 
\par St. Charles County \endash  Provisional Ballots were not included in the totals for the 9}{\fs18\super\insrsid15810413 th}{\fs18\insrsid15810413 
 Congressional Race candidate Linda Jacobsen on election night.  They are included in the precinct reporting totals.
\par }}